feat: switch to xmake (#377)
UE4SS-RE/RE-UE4SS: docs/guides/creating-a-c++-mod.md

5. Open CMD and cd into `RE-UE4SS` and execute: `git submodule update --init --recursive`
6. Go back to the `MyMods` directory and create a new directory, this directory will contain your mod source files.
I named mine `MyAwesomeMod`.
7. Create a file called `xmake.lua` inside `MyMods` and put this inside it:
```lua
includes("RE-UE4SS")
includes("MyAwesomeMod")
```

## Part #2
1. Create a file called `xmake.lua` inside `MyMods/MyAwesomeMod` and put this inside it:
```lua
local projectName = "MyAwesomeMod"

target(projectName)
    set_kind("shared")
    set_languages("cxx20")
    set_exceptions("cxx")

    add_includedirs(".")

    add_files("dllmain.cpp")

    add_deps("UE4SS")

    after_load(function (target)
        import("build_configs", { rootdir = get_config("scriptsRoot") })
        import("target_helpers", { rootdir = get_config("scriptsRoot") })

>         build_configs:set_output_dir(target)

Reviewer: Does the our `set_output_dir(target)` accomplish something that the built-in `target:set_targetdir`/`target:set_objectdir`/`target:set_dependir` cannot?

>         build_configs:export_deps(target)

Reviewer: `build_configsLexport_deps(target)` already runs as part of the UE4SS target, so I believe this is the root of the current linker issue where there are multiply defined symbols.

    }
}
```

> 3. In the command prompt, in the `MyMods` directory, execute:
> ```
> xmake f -m "Game__Shipping__Win64" --runtimes="MD"
> xmake project -k vsxmake2022
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
3. In the command prompt, in the `MyMods` directory, execute either:
A.
```
xmake f -m "Game__Shipping__Win64" --runtimes="MD"
xmake
```
or B.
```
xmake project -k vsxmake2022
```
If you chose option `B`, the VS solution will be in the `vsxmake2022` directory.

````
